#logistic regression
Here the dataset contains informationabout users of social network, i.e userID , genderr, age and estimated salary.
And this social network contains many business clients which can put their adds on social network and one of the 
client is in a car company who have just launced their brand new SUV for a ridiculuous price and wee are trying to 
see which of these users of social network are going to buy this brand new SUV.
Last column tells if YES or NO the user bought this SUV or not.

We are going to build a model that is going to predict if a user is going to predict if a user is going to buy the SUV 
or not based on 2 variables which is their age and estimated salary.
So, these 2 columns will be the metrix of features. We want to find some co-relation between age, estimated salary and 
decision to purchase or not.

#feature scaling is required because we want accurate prediction

#fitting logistic regression to the training set
since the logistic regression is a linear classifier and we are in 2-Dimension, thus our 2 categories will be separated 
by a straight line.

#making confusion matrix
this contains the correct predictions as well as the incorrect predictions that our model made on the test set 

#visualizing the training set results
green points - for users who bought the SUV
red points - for users who did not buy the SUV

GOAL OF CLASSIFICATION:
Classify the right users in the right category, i.e we are making classifier that will catch right users into the right catogory.
There are two regions;
red region - where classifier catches the users who don't buy the SUV
green region - where classifier catches the users who buy the SUV 

Classifier decides on the basis of age and estimated salary.
Our classifier prdicts most of the points for users who bought and who did not buy the SUV . But we have spme red points in the 
green region and some green points in the red region.
These incorrect predictions are specifically due to the fact that our classifier is a linear classifier and our users 
are not linearly distributed. If they were linearly distributed then we would have got all the red points in the red region and  
all the green points in the green region. And the linear classifier with a straight line could perfectly separate all the red 
and green points. Even if we rotate the line then also it will not work.

We need to make some curve here in the line to classify correctly. 
   
